Page 2: About Gurutattva
Guruttatva – A Global Platform
Established: 1 October 2020
On the full-moon day (Purnima) of the sacred month of Purushottam (Ashwin), Param Pujya Shree Shivkrupanand Swamiji announced the establishment of the Guruttatva Global Platform through his written message.
The purpose behind establishing this platform is to help seekers:
    • Know and recognise the present Guruttatva in their lives
    • Awaken the Guruttatva within themselves
Becoming one’s own Guru is said to be the highest state of spirituality. With this intention, so that everyone may reach that state, Param Pujya Swamiji established the Guruttatva Platform.






Gurutattva offerings and celebration
Meditation Camp : Through this global platform, volunteers worldwide organize Himalayan Meditation Camps.

Energy Centres for Meditation : The construction of the Energy Centres for Meditation in the form of the Shree Gurushaktidhams, is going on across all the continents. 
Home center : Home Centres- 
The Himalayan Meditation Home Centre serves as a dedicated space for daily practice of ancient Himalayan Dhyanyog, offering seekers a peaceful environment to connect with divine energy and foster spiritual growth from his own home and with his own family members
Cow Service: Additionally, in all the Dhyansthalis in India, the breeding, rearing, and service of indigenous cow species continues as part of a dedicated effort towards the welfare of cows.
Nature Conservation : Nature conservation efforts, including tree plantation drives, are actively conducted at all the Samarpan Ashrams.
Weddings : Through Arsh Sankalp Vivah, weddings are solemnised as per Vedic rituals in the sacred atmosphere of the Ashra
Public Awareness : Various spiritual teachings, including Samagra Yoga, Chaitanya, Garbhadhan Sanskar, Gurutattva, and charity, are widely propagated. Additionally, public awareness campaigns on ideological pollution are carried out in cities and villages through publicists and social media.
Naming of Children / Namkaran Sanskar : Pujya Gurudev offers free naming services for newborn babies, newlywed brides, homes, and businesses. 
Annaprashan Sanskar: 

Balsanskar Kendra : To ensure that children receive spiritual education from an early age and enhance their Spiritual Quotient, volunteers conduct Balsanskar Kendras on weekends.

Prayer House / Prarthana Dham : People from around the world benefit from the 24/7 prayer service at Prarthana Dham.

Travelling : To connect with nature, attain harmony, and experience the consciousness within it, a spiritual journey called ‘Himalaya Darshan’ (Chaitanyatra) is organised periodically.

- Vision, Mission & Values
Gurutattva offerings and celebration
Through this global platform, volunteers worldwide organize Himalayan Meditation Camps.
The construction of the Energy Centres for Meditation in the form of the Shree Gurushaktidhams, is going on across all the continents.
Additionally, in all the Samarpan Ashrams in India, the breeding, rearing, and service of indigenous cow species continues as part of a dedicated effort towards the welfare of cows.
Nature conservation efforts, including tree plantation drives, are actively conducted at all the Samarpan Ashrams.
Pujya Gurudev offers free naming services for newborn babies, newlywed brides, homes, and businesses. People from around the world benefit from the 24/7 prayer service at Prarthana Dham.
Through Arsh Sankalp Vivah, weddings are solemnised as per Vedic rituals in the sacred atmosphere of the Ashram.
Various spiritual teachings, including Samagra Yoga, Chaitanya, Garbhadhan Sanskar, Gurutattva, and charity, are widely propagated. Additionally, public awareness campaigns on ideological pollution are carried out in cities and villages through publicists and social media.
To connect with nature, attain harmony, and experience the consciousness within it, a spiritual journey called ‘Himalaya Darshan’ (Chaitanyatra) is organised periodically. 

- Age of Reforms and past phases. 

- Councils of GT

- Initiatives of GT
- CSR activities
- Dhyan App
- Donation
- Dhyanasthali 
